19 simple psychological tricks that
actually work there are all kinds of
fancy books on neuro linguistic
programming and psychology that can help
professionals get what they want from
others but there are also much simpler
yet just as effective methods that
anyone can use on a daily basis here are
19 of them be sure to subscribe and ring
that notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life
1 never start your request with the
words could you
it can cause the other person to
subconsciously assume that this is a
theoretical question for example avoid
questions like could you call the
neighbors because the answer yes can
mean yes I fear reticle e good but I
didn't agree to it sure good is polite
but it's better to rephrase your request
to please call the neighbors if you want
to be sure that it'll be fulfilled
2 if you ever want to make someone feel
uncomfortable look at the middle of
their forehead during the conversation
most people say it makes them feel like
they're under scrutiny which of course
doesn't exactly make a person relaxed
not sure why you'd want to do this to
others but who knows the situation may
arise 3 if someone you're talking to is
trying to avoid answering a question
just make a pause in the conversation
while still keeping eye contact they'll
feel uncomfortable and thus will keep
talking chances are they'll give you
more details about the issue you're
interested in they may even start
telling you the truth if they were lying
since they'll believe that your silence
and your look are signs that you already
know the real facts for let's say you've
started a new job or school if you want
someone in the office or class to like
you just ask them to explain something
to you
it doesn't matter if you know the answer
or not this will improve the other
person's overall attitude towards you
and earn you some extra brownie points 5
when asking a question that you want an
affirmative answer to try to nod subtly
as you make your request this trick is
often used by restaurant employees to
make guests buy more food and it's
pretty effective
six if a person is really concentrated
on a task let's say they're in middle of
a serious phone conversation you can
extend your hand to them and get
anything they're holding at the moment
they might not even remember later on
the trick works the other way around too
you can give them something as you're
talking to them and they won't even
notice pretty helpful when you're
cleaning up or moving to a new house
seven if you want somebody to do
something for you casually say how they
probably wouldn't even be able to do it
most people will try really hard to
prove someone wrong when it comes to
doubting their capabilities you can also
make a small or unusual request before
getting down to the main issue in this
case you'll establish a connection with
a person so they probably won't have the
heart to turn you down afterwards eight
just like with questions you need to get
an affirmative answer to start nodding
just a little bit during a conversation
interestingly enough this will make the
person you're talking to more attentive
to your words and they won't even
realize why nine here's a good one for
negotiations if you like a person's
offer in general but would like to get
better conditions prepare to be a little
bit disappointed
this method can work like magic with a
high price or a low salary 10 as soon as
your alarm clock goes off sit up
make two fists and yell yeah as if
you're a soccer player who's just scored
a goal it sounds bizarre but it really
does help you easily get out of bed
feeling refreshed just try it for
yourself and let us know down in the
comments if it worked for you
11 if you're always worried whether or
not you lock the door or turns your iron
off just say some absolutely absurd
phrase when you're doing these things
the phrase could be different every
single day for example you say Green
Rabbit and turn the iron off or
oppressive crab and lock the door the
next time you start doubting whether or
not you did something you'll remember
saying this weird phrase and it'll calm
you down so well if a person tries to
pull you into an argument or some kind
of drama say something nice to them the
old kill him with kindness trick really
does
stop them in their tracks another
technique is to keep your calm and
remain silent there's nothing more
irritating than being ignored
however if you're trying to avoid an
argument with your friend or partner try
to put yourself in their shoes
this can help you understand if there's
some point in their objections that you
are missing 13 if you have that one lazy
person on your team that slows the whole
work process down don't give them tasks
by saying do this it's better to say
start with this psychologically it'll
seem like there's less work because
according to this phrase they should
start with something small after they've
done the first task use the words very
good now continue with this until they
end up finishing what you wanted them to
do in the first place 14 if you have to
speak in public don't forget to take a
bottle of water with you first of all
you'll need it since your nurse will
make your mouth feel like the Sahara
Desert plus you can take a pause to sip
some water in order to remember a part
of your speech that slipped your mind
the audience will never know and if you
feel too anxious to speak in front of a
large crowd admit this fact to the
audience right away it lightens the mood
Calmes your nerves and it makes your
listeners feel more sympathetic since
most of them can probably relate 15 if
someone is staring at you in the subway
happens all too often right just look at
their shoes don't give up keep gazing
it'll drive them crazy 16 if you seem
really worried each time you see someone
you know in the end this person will
also start feeling worried every time
they see you so do with that information
what you will 17 if someone has done
something wrong but you don't want to
sound to accusing change the way you
construct your sentences for example
instead of saying you didn't close a
window before you left you can say the
window was left open all night they'll
learn from their mistake and you won't
seem like a meanie pointing a finger
18 if you didn't get a good night's
sleep tell yourself that you did
I know it sounds like nonsense but it
does work 100% if you say it with
meaning
scientists from Colorado College
published a study in the Journal of
Experimental Psychology in which they
found that if you genuinely believe that
you're well rested even if you're not
your brain does function better 19
people are better at remembering what
happened at the beginning and end of the
day as for anything that went on in
between it gets blurry this is a great
tip when it comes to job interviews
agree to a time that's either at the
start of the work day or at the end of
it this way the employer will remember
you among all the other candidates do
you know any other effective tricks that
can help you get what you want share
your experience in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life